Make it possible to run skip=True tests by setting TESTCASE (#2045)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/2045.bugfix.rst

> Tests skipped by default (created with `skip=True`) can again be ran manually by setting the :make:var:`TESTCASE` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests skipped by default (created with `skip=True`) can again be ran manually by setting the :envvar:`TESTCASE` variable.
```

It's not linking properly. The distinction gets me often.

Author: Fixed, thanks!
